## Code Europe 2022


On may June 2, 2022 I have plasure to join / participate / take a part in "The largest programing confrance in Poland". "The largest IT conference in Poland for IT passionates & specialists."  Code Europe since 2016 Confarance were in 3 places | pokoleji in 3city(Gdansk), Cracow and Warsaw. Day after day from May 30 to | till June 2. I join Warsaw conferance. 
Paid conference.
Theere was 6 main technologies tracks: 
Me and 3 collegaes: Greg, Yelizaveta and Marcin.
You can choose between 51. OKey 50 
Nope 46 Sorry for ...
Bjarne Stroustrup 
There were 51 presentation when I register. 50.
One big name absannce Greg Young @Event Store "Event Sourcing" :s®†

From 46. 

we watch almost 20 presentation.
Honestly 

Presentation worth your time:

* both presentation by Philippe De Ryck is for backends developers https://pragmaticwebsecurity.com/events.html go to YT
* What if _your_Frontend_framework_ will die? by Dawid Janiga @Netguru
* Programming Language Ideas That Work And Don't Work by Walter Bright @Digital Mars | Watch on YT with 2 speed, very good but Walter is not the best presenter sorry Walter. Create D languge
* How to evolve a language by Bjarne Stroustrup
* Power of connecting web apps with native apps by Łukasz Beksa @ING Bank Slaski



For hardocores: 

Maybe:
The Dream Team: working effectively across multidisciplinary teams by Michelle Mannering @GitHub HOW TO DO presentation

Want to watch: 
Rob Bos
Walter Bright
Review 7 for 10

pros:
+ learn how present & how not
+ see Bjarne Stroustrup in live
Bjarne Stroustrup is a Danish computer scientist, most notable for the invention and development of the C++ programming language. 
+ get motivation to create blog post

cons:
- presentation like wydmuszki
- sometimes small places , too much persons for small people


On second of June, Me, Greg, Liza & Marcin participant on Code Europe 2022 on PGE stadion narodowy.
