# Me gusta jugar a la "Siesta Roulette"

"It's hard to believe 

how far 

small steps can take you 

until you experience the progress 

for yourself.


Then it becomes 

hard to remember 

where it all started.


Keep going."



I don't author but thanks Maciej for send this text.

Keep going, bro. 🤜🏿🤛🏿 

## ideas
* TODO: pLan to go to Ghostday.pl conference, Poznan Miasto doznan

## challlenges
* have some fun with "siesta roulette" what did came from unwise sleep management
  * sleep only 5 hours 
  * 2 hours nap
  * work after normal work hours


## achievements
- [X] wake up at 8!
- [X] I did some walk with my GF, ~1 hour on today afternoon
- [X] got dirty hands with pandas, great success, I edited some file with pandas at work, to update some data from csv to db, nothing fancy but good start 
  * work with pandas is less painfull then I rememberd 4 years ago
  * work on jupyther notebook in vscode is awesome
  * black formater is owrking there 💪
- [ ] [WORK] prepare for tuesday meeting about refactor code, plan it, create some summary
- [ ] do side project progress with backend API
- [ ] dev.to + medium, write Hello POST about pycon,
- [ ] run blog locally before build app, manually test if everything looks good
- [ ] automation, grep ideas + achievments not done to new day achivements, to plan next day
- [ ] [Python] how work __get_attributes__, __dict__
- [ ] [SPIKE] columns like pandas class, enums, if name change, we will change in one place?
- [ ] [SPIKE][Python] automation typing when write code
   * maybe add typing, mypy? alternative
      * in vscode, Inlay Type Hints https://devblogs.microsoft.com/python/python-in-visual-studio-code-july-2022-release/#inlay-type-hints
      * in pycharm, Inlay Hints https://www.jetbrains.com/help/pycharm/inlay-hints.html#enable_inlay_hints

## learning 
* [AWS] Lambdas
  * in lambdas you could use crontab expressions
  * Step Functions is a visual workflow service that helps developers use AWS services to build distributed applications, automate processes, orchestrate microservices, and create data and machine learning (ML) pipelines.
  
* [Pandas] usage log
  * read df from csv
  * check columns
  * drop couple columns
  * change types 2 columns
  * concatenate 2 columns together
  * double check using group by count if everything done correct
  * add id column 
  * apply uuid value to the column
  * set index with id 
  * write df to csv
* [JupytherNotebook] black working in vscode

## finds
* [AI] LangChain's flexible abstractions and extensive toolkit unlocks developers to build context-aware, reasoning LLM applications.
  
* low code or no code are good for prototyping
  * exmaple tool: tablue a powerful data visualization tool that allows users to connect to various data sources and create interactive dashboards.


Thanks for reading this ❤️

Love,
KK
